guys welcome this is probably my most
convincing FIFA AIDS episode yet so if I
could ask everybody here to like share
subscribe and then go span the out
of this video to anybody you know the
place FIFA Go spam and the twitch chats
ghost payment to the other youtubers
messes it to your friends on Facebook
share it on Twitter guys get this
episode out there I want this one to be
the one if there's one episode they ever
could see alright
basically you saw the team I'm playing
with it's an Italian team ranked 802 is
is ranked 84 a couple informs no big
deal I'm not gonna play defense okay big
shout out to Fraser in I'm one of my
subs for a comment he made that gave me
this idea on another video someone do
this in theif 11 I'm just gonna warm you
up with a couple kind of baby clips here
of me not playing defense before you
know the really good stuff but as you
see I'm not playing defense the key here
though if you try this which I want all
of you to try it is put your settings
your controller settings to the auto
switch off put switching players to
manual the very first setting under
controller settings to put it to manual
that you have to put it on manual for
this to work but if you do notice that
every time I play defense will excuse me
I'm on defense I'm not playing defense I
just stand still see how I just stand
still and all my computer players are
playing defense and the theory is is
because the game is gonna recognize that
I suck dick at playing defense it's
gonna enhance my computer players
defense skills and it's gonna nerf his
guys offense okay
and sure enough I played two games this
way and I went 5 to 0 and 6 to 1 and the
only goal the guy's supported me in the
second game was a ksi glitch where
everyone knows that your computer
defenders suck dick on ksi glitches
anyway so now that you've kind of
understood what I'm doing I showed a
couple shitty shitty examples we'll get
into some better footage here of how my
computer players are actually stopping
and got from playing defense so as you
see here if you see me switch players
I'm only switching players so the guys
could get back on side so I've been
switch players back a little bit in
these two clips but I'm not I'm not
moving I'm not trying to contain I'm not
pressing a or RB that was a computer
Vidal who straight-up stole that ball
look I'm not gonna touch the controller
on defense precise to get my guys back
on sides ok these are all computer
defenders and look how look how awesome
they're playin look at a box I step up
and steal that like a computer I'm gonna
make more of these guys comment below
first of all I want all of you to do
this because this game is so rigged to
FIFA aids I play two games without
playing defense
I played zero defense and you guys know
from playing the computers how easy it
is to score on computers that are
playing defense normally you just run in
a diagonal past them look at that he
only had five shots on goal unless
possession and I wasn't even playing
defense that's pathetic
let's look at the goals from this game
real quick as you can see the FIFA eight
of how he was playing defense and his
defender sucked dick look at Vidal his
defender because he's playing defense
Vidal is in position right there to stop
the cross he takes two steps the wrong
way and then he dives back for some fake
animation and make it look like
he had a chance to stop and that he did
it remember outside the foot shots
should curve from left to right with the
right foot right wrong this this ball is
curving slightly right to left the wrong
way because why if it curved left right
they would hit that pink defender in the
waist right there or it would miss to
the right but it goes right in the back
of the goal because of FIFA AIDS look at
his defender right here slow down
because he's playing defense and trying
hard it forces his center back to slow
down here watch he's he's sprinting
sprinting sprinting sprinting oh he
stands up right there you see that
sprinting oh he kind of stands up slows
down a lot some Zeke to get this ball
and then put it in the back left corner
of the net and you guys well there's
going to low in the footage remember
please please please share this episode
I want this one to be the only gets out
comment below if you want me to make a
sequel episode of more like this
and how ridiculous this game is and I
want every single one of you to do the
same thing I want all of you to go play
a couple games right now online not play
defense and comment on me if you notice
a difference if the game felt more aided
or your computer defenders played way
better and you won the game comment with
the score and all those details below
please guys I want to know is this
real or did I just play the two
shittiest players in the world look at
this look at this shot this guy takes
tell me that's not a nerf shot
because I wasn't playing defense look
I'm just gonna stand here with Kony and
not play defense and let's see if he can
score me these are all computer
defenders he should notice that because
no one's really moving we're just kind
of chilling out and then look look at
all the guy striking back look how fast
Ramirez is tracking back as a computer
defender look Oh P cross pickups an Opie
cross for Balotelli my computer players
defend it perfectly in an auto clearance
by Thiago Silva straight to khones feet
this is so ridiculous guys I'm so
excited for this proof I just found
Frazer in or however you say your name
buddy thanks for the comment everyone
I'm gonna go try to link that comment to
the other video that he gave me the idea
to do this from FIFA 11 this has
been around since FIFA oh nine and NHL
oh nine or whatever when they introduced
the momentum
guys seriously go do your own research
spread the word don't rely on my videos
as the only source of proof for this man
let's expose da for the little
company and they are there's a reason
they've been on BBC watched twice look
at this game
I had one tackle one tackle in
this game and I want six to one like I
said earlier the only goal is scored on
me was a ksi glitch one tackle which
means that a ton of interceptions
and need a ton of shitty passes
that went out of bounds and a ton
of shitty shots that went over the net
because of FIFA aids don't play defense
guys and let me know what happens
please click like and subscribe and let
me know if you want to see another one
of these videos thanks for watching